Review of new age technology - Machine Learning

Machine learning is a subdivision of AI in which algorithmic models are trained to perform specific tasks by recognizing and learning patterns from the data it sees, 
rather than through explicit computer programming by a human expert. This process can be categorized as supervised, semi-supervised or unsupervised, with the most common 
method being supervised.

Future Directions
Although early studies assessing the prognostic value of machine learning in dermatology have demonstrated promising outcomes, further research is needed. To address whether 
the use of ML in predicting outcomes is truly a worthwhile avenue for clinicians to explore, prospective randomized clinical trials are needed.

Machine learning is a quickly advancing field in medicine and can be of great utility to clinicians in the near future, particularly in predicting the prognoses of complex 
dermatological conditions. As this technology advances, dermatologists will need to develop a foundational understanding of how it works and when it should be appropriately 
used in their clinical practice.

Our review summarizes the current literature exploring the use of machine learning in predicting various dermatological outcomes. All studies conducted on this topic thus 
far have demonstrated promising outcomes. During a time where precision medicine is a focus of many clinicians, ML techniques provide a method for dermatologists to more 
accurately predict the clinical outcomes and prognoses of their patients in a variety of skin conditions.

When compared to traditional statistical methods, which focuses on inference, ML methodology focuses more on prediction (31). This is to say that ML methods aim to anticipate 
future behavior, rather than just drawing associations between data. ML is also particularly useful when looking at complex and detailed datasets with a large number of input 
variables. In fact, a larger sample size allows ML algorithms to better make associations within the data and thus, form more accurate outputs (32). Traditional statistical 
methods were designed to be most accurate and successful with a small to moderate number of input variables. As the number of inputs increases, the statistical models tend to 
become less precise.
